docs: Adds administrator manual (#6878)
dagger/dagger: docs/current_docs/manuals/administrator/engine/272381-custom-registry.mdx

---
slug: /manuals/administrator/272381/custom-registry
---

# Configure a Custom Registry Mirror

> The Dagger Engine can be configured to use a different registry mirror for container images instead of the default (Docker Hub).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Dagger Engine can be configured to use container registry mirrors for any registry URL. This allows container images that refer to one registry to instead be redirected to a different one.
```

Just want to clarify that there isn't a default; this feature lets you setup a mirror for any registry url.
